---
title: "Disclaimer Policy"
description: "PascoByte is a humorous and satirical blog. The content is not meant to be taken seriously. Read the disclaimer to learn more."
thumbnail: "/images/disclaimer.webp"
thumbnail_alt: "Warning icon. A black circle with a white exclamation point in the center, on a green background."
date: 2023-07-20T12:34:13Z
page_type: "post"
schema: "policy"
---

The content presented on [PascoByte](/) is intended for general informational purposes only. The website's content includes editorial, educational, and personal opinions presented in a **humoristic and satirical** manner. The views expressed on this website do not necessarily reflect the opinions of any organizations, companies, or individuals associated with PascoByte.

While we strive to provide accurate and up-to-date information, we make no warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, or availability of the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on PascoByte. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk.

Some images used on PascoByte are generated by AI Stable Defusion, a tool that creates unique visuals. Additionally, certain images and graphics may be sourced from online platforms like Canva.com, where royalty-free images are available for use without attribution. We use these resources responsibly and within the terms of their respective licenses.

**Specifically, the humoristic and satirical content on PascoByte may include:**

- Exaggeration
- Hyperbole
- Irony
- Sarcasm
- Parody
- Satire

**Users should be aware that this type of content is not meant to be taken seriously and should not be used as a basis for making decisions or taking actions.**

PascoByte is not responsible for any damages or losses that may be incurred as a result of using the information on the blog.

## Copyright Policy:

- All the original content found on PascoByte, including but not limited to articles, blog posts, and multimedia elements created by our team, is the property of PascoByte and is protected by applicable copyright laws. PascoByte holds the copyright to its original content.
- PascoByte may use royalty-free images from online platforms, like Canva.com, that do not require attribution for use on our blog/website. We ensure that we comply with the licensing terms provided by these platforms when using such images.
- Images generated by AI Stable Defusion and graphics from Canva.com, used on PascoByte, are considered royalty-free and are used in accordance with the licensing terms of these platforms.
- If any royalty-free image used on PascoByte is found to be uploaded to the platform without the proper authorization from the original owner, PascoByte cannot be held responsible for this misuse. Any complaints or copyright claims regarding these images must be directed to the online platform where the content is hosted.
- PascoByte acknowledges the rights of original content owners and respects their intellectual property. If the original owner of any content used on PascoByte requests the removal of their material, we will promptly comply with their request and remove the content from our website.
- Users are not permitted to reproduce, distribute, modify, or use any content from PascoByte that is not expressly designated as royalty-free or that is not sourced from platforms that allow use without attribution, without prior written permission from PascoByte.
- When using any royalty-free images from PascoByte or other online platforms, users must ensure compliance with the respective licensing terms and conditions associated with these images.
- PascoByte reserves the right to modify or update the Disclaimer & Copyright Policy as needed to remain compliant with applicable laws and best practices. Users are advised to review this policy periodically for any changes.

**Attribution for Stable Diffusion images:**

Images on this website were generated with Stable Diffusion v1-5 by runwayml.

[Link to Stable Diffusion documentation](https://huggingface.co/runwayml/stable-diffusion-v1-5)

## Related Policies

{{< internal_links parentSection="policies" >}}
