---
title: "Terms Of Service"
description: "This page contains the terms and conditions that apply to the use of our website. By visiting and using pascobyte.blog, you agree to these terms."
thumbnail: "/images/tos-illustration.webp"
thumbnail_alt: "tech style illustration of TOS"
date: 2023-07-20T11:34:13+01:00
mod_date: 2023-12-20T19:58:44+01:00
type: "page" #post, list, page, softwarelist, software
---

## Acceptance of Terms

By accessing and using this website, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and provisions of this agreement.

## Purpose of the Site

The content of this site is for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is based on personal experiences and online research.

## Intellectual Property Rights

All content on this site, including text, graphics, logos, and images, is the property of pascobyte.blog and is protected by copyright laws. The logo of pascobyte.blog is strictly not for use without explicit permission.

## Use of Content

Visitors may use the content of this site for their own purposes, provided they give proper attribution by linking back to the original content.

### Attribution

If you use the content on this website, you must attribute it back to PascoByte. This means that you must include a link to the original source of the content, unless the content is royalty free or generated by Stable Diffusion v1.5 by runwayml.

### Fair Use

The fair use doctrine allows for the limited use of copyrighted material without permission from the copyright holder. Fair use is determined on a case-by-case basis, but it generally applies to uses such as criticism, commentary, news reporting, and research.

If you are unsure whether your use of copyrighted material is fair use, you should consult with an attorney.


## AI-Generated Content

All images on this site, except for the logo of pascobyte.blog, are generated by artificial intelligence and are therefore not subject to copyright unless otherwise stated.

## Software and Games

Any software, apps, or games created by pascobyte.blog are not governed by these terms and have their own End User License Agreement (EULA).

## Responsible Use

We encourage responsible and respectful use of our website. By accessing pascobyte.blog, you agree not to:

- Duplicate or create similar blogs with our content.
- Misuse our content for illegal activities or causing harm to our brand, PascoByte: /, or any other brand.
- Hack, DDoS, or engage in any means to circumvent our website's security.
- Post any content that is hateful, discriminatory, or offensive.
- Post any content that is illegal or violates the intellectual property rights of others.

## Website Security

We take the security of our website and user data seriously. Pascobyte.blog utilizes SSL encryption to ensure your connection to our site remains secure. As a static website without a database, we prioritize data protection and limit the collection of personal information.

## Prohibited Activities

In addition to the prohibited activities listed, you are also prohibited from:

- Using our website to spam or send unsolicited messages.
- Collecting or using personal information about other users without their consent.
- Attempting to interfere with the performance or functionality of our website.

## Third-Party Links

While we strive to provide accurate and reliable information, pascobyte.blog may contain links to third-party websites. Please note that we are not responsible for the content, privacy practices, or security of these external sites. Your interactions with any third-party websites are solely at your own risk.

## Disclaimer of Liability

We aim to present accurate and up-to-date information, but we cannot guarantee the completeness or accuracy of our content. Therefore, we disclaim any liability for errors, omissions, or damages resulting from the use of our content.

## Modifications to Policies

We reserve the right to update or modify our Terms of Service and Security Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting on this page. Please review this section periodically to stay informed about any updates.

By continuing to use pascobyte.blog, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to the Terms of Service and Security Policy outlined above.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding these policies or our website's security, please contact us at [email protected] via the "contact" link in the footer of this website.

## Definitions

- **Satirical content:** Content that is intended to be humorous and to make a point by using exaggeration or ridicule.

## User-generated content

User-generated content is not allowed on pascobyte.blog.

## Reporting violations

If you believe that someone has violated the Terms of Service and Security Policy, please contact me via the "contact" link in the footer of this website.


## Related Policies

{{< internal_links parentSection="policies" >}}
